Leave the food and go.
My uncle says I must beg your forgiveness
for deceiving you.
Your uncle?
Prince Baelor.
The heir to the Iron Throne.
-I never meant to lie.
-Yeah, but you did.
About everything, starting with your name.
I've not heard of a Prince Egg.
-Short for Aegon.
-Of course.
After the Conqueror?
How many Aegons have been king?
Four. Four Aegons.
So why'd you do it?
Was it some jape?
Make a fool of the stupid hedge knight?
No. I was supposed to squire for Daeron.
He's my older brother.
He's a shit knight, and a drunk.
And he didn't want to enter the lists.
He only meant for us to hide in that inn
until the tourney was over.
-You shaved your head.
-It was Daeron who shaved it.
Was it Daeron that told me
you were a stable boy?
-I didn't--
-What?
I didn't think I was doing anything wrong.
Of course, you did.
That's why you lied.
Dry your eyes.
I was just so disappointed
when I couldn't go to the tourney--
Oh, we can't have the little prince being
disappointed now, can we?
I just wanted to be
somebody's squire, ser.
You'd have served a donkey,
were it squire-less.
I'm sorry, ser.
Truly am.
It's just a bit of bad luck
we found each other, isn't it?
What will they do with me, Egg?
My uncle wants to see you
after you're done eating.
I'm done now, then.
I've already kicked
one prince in the mouth.
Don't mean to keep another one waiting.
Rise.
Pour Ser Duncan a cup, Aegon.
Try not to spill it on him.
The boy won't spill, Your Grace.
He's a good boy.
Good squire. And he meant no harm.
I know that now.
One need not intend harm to do it.
Aegon should have come to me when he saw
what his brother was doing
to those puppeteers.
-There was no time, Uncle, I--
-Instead, he ran to you, Ser Duncan.
That was no kindness.
I wish Ser Duncan had killed him.
Aerion is your brother.
And the septons say
we must love our brothers.
Aegon, leave us now.
As you will, Your Grace.
How good a knight are you?
How skilled at arms?
Sir Arlan taught me
sword and shield and
how to tilt at rings.
My brother Maekar returned to the castle
a few hours ago.
He found his son Daeron drunk in an inn
a day's ride to the south.
-I know it.
-He told my brother
that a huge robber knight
made off with Aegon.
I fear you have been cast
as this robber knight, ser.
He's lying.
I left that inn four nights past.
Prince Daeron did not pursue
his brother's captor.
Seemingly not.
What of the girl?
By the time Aerion is done
twisting the tale,
it will be high treason.
Treason? By puppetry?
The dragon is the sigil
of the Royal House.
To portray one being slain...
It was surely innocent.
Perhaps, but far from wise,
even in peacetime.
Aerion calls it a veiled attack
on House Targaryen,
an incitement to revolt.
Do you believe that, Your Grace?
One truth is beyond dispute.
You laid hands upon
the Blood of the Dragon.
The girl's finger was snapped in half.
No matter the cause, it is never wise
to strike a king's grandson.
Would you not have done the same?
I might have.
But I'm a prince of the realm,
not a hedge knight.
Don't all knights make the same oath?
To protect the innocent?
Aerion would like your head
for what you did to him.
He will not have it,
but I cannot deny him a trial.
And with Daeron's accusation
that you kidnaped Egg,
the court is unlikely
to rule in your favor.
And when I'm found guilty?
The last time a man
struck the royal blood,
it was decreed he should lose
the offending hand.
And you kicked him, too, did you not?
I did.
You have another choice.
Whether it is a better one
or a worse, I cannot say.
And so, I ask you again,
Ser Duncan the Tall,
how good a knight are you, truly?
Trial by combat.
That is my right.
I refuse.
You cannot refuse.
Any knight accused of a crime
has the right to demand as such.
Unless you withdraw your claim?
A trial of seven.
That is my right, I do believe.
What the fuck is a trial of seven?
It is another form of trial by combat.
Ancient. Seldom invoked.
It came across the Narrow Sea
with the Andals and their seven gods.
Well, if it was the Andals...
I'm sorry, Your Grace.
The old man was never much for praying.
What is a trial of seven?
The Andals believed
that if seven champions fought,
the gods, being thus honored,
would be more like to intervene
and see the guilty party punished.
Are you cowering behind some
6,000-year-old Andal foolery
because you're afraid to face
this hedge knight alone?
-No.
-Then why?
Why not slay the rogue yourself?
Daeron has been wronged as well.
Ser Duncan must pay
for each one of his crimes against us.
Or would we leave a matter
of Targaryen honor in doubt?
Do not speak to me of honor, boy.
This is fucking nonsense.
Is it?
No.
Aerion is within his rights.
We have no choice.
A trial of seven must be held at dawn.
What does that mean?
That I must fight seven men?
Do not play the fool.
It must be seven against seven.
You must find six other knights
to fight beside you.
But I have no one else.
If a cause is just,
good men will fight for it.
If not, it will be because you are guilty.
Come here.
Idiot!
Can I go now?
Seek your champions, Ser Duncan.
Oh, lads.
I've mucked it up this time.
-I think I'm gonna die tomorrow.
-Dunk!
Is that you? You're alive.
Raymun, thank you for watching my--
Are you hungry?
-No, not really.
-Come on.
-Whoa!
-Were you talking to your horses?
-Yeah.
-That's fucking mad.
Trial of seven.
Duncan, that means battleaxes,
morningstars, and lances of war.
-I know what it means.
-I apologize.
Seems cousin here has milk in his veins.
-Oh, fuck off, I just meant--
-This is knightly combat, Raymun.
As you are no knight,
your skin is not at risk.
I saw what Aerion did to those puppeteers.
All knights vow to protect the innocent.
Even hedge knights, I assume.
I'm for you.
Thank you, ser.
-Perhaps you shouldn't.
-It pains me to admit it,
but Steffon's a fine sword.
-Why would that pain you?
-I don't doubt that.
But the Dragon House will not look kindly
on those who oppose them.
Dragon House?
Where are their dragons, Ser Duncan?
Us Fossoways, we were here
long before these others
come to our shores.
And I'll warrant we'll be here
long after they are gone.
-Who else fights with us?
-I know no one else.
I'm sure we can find five more good men
who wish singers to make them immortal.
I do not know why tragedy
so oft follows after honorable men.
But when I find myself
without the answers,
the answer is always "more glory."
Lucky for you, I have some friends.
Ser Lyonel, Lord Lannister, Ser Otho.
They won't be happy at being woken.
Then they'll fight like pestered badgers.
You shan't die under my watch, ser.
I promise you that.
Raymun, do you think your cousin
can bring the men he speaks of?
I don't know.
You may be wise to run.
Won't they kill me if I run?
Won't they kill you anyway?
Maybe the gods figure
this is what I deserve.
For doing what you were supposed to do?
For not knowing my place.
-Ser.
-Egg!
What are you doing?
I'm your squire, ser.
You'll need someone to arm you.
Does your father know
you've left the castle?
I hope not.
I don't think I could bear
another foot whipping tonight.
-You!
-No! No, Duncan, no!
Stop! Please!
Are you mad coming here?
I should drive this through your neck.
I'd sooner you pour me a cup of wine.
Fuck your wine. You lied about me.
Well, I had to say something
when my father
demanded to know where Egg had gotten to.
Please, don't hurt him.
He can't kill me twice.
My father's going to join
the seven accusers, ser.
Yeah, of course he will.
He must redeem his sons' honor.
Not that I ever asked
to have my honor redeemed.
Whoever has it can keep it,
so far as I'm concerned.
I begged him not to, ser. I begged him.
For what it's worth,
you have little to fear from me,
and I'll do my best to look
gallant in the first charge.
But after that, perhaps
you could strike me a nice blow
to the side of the helm.
Make it ring. Not too loud.
Is that all you came here to say?
My father has commanded
the Kingsguard to fight as well.
Only the three that are here.
Who do you have, ser?
Raymun's cousin.
I can bring people, ser. Knights. I can.
I'll be fighting against your family.
My father will be well guarded,
and you won't kill Daeron.
He told you he'd fall down.
And Aerion.
You'd see him dead?
When I was little,
Aerion used to come
into my bed chamber at night,
put his knife in between my legs.
He had too many brothers, he'd say.
Maybe one night, he'd make me his sister.
Then he could marry me.
Sorry, that was...
Egg has the truth of it.
Aerion can be quite the monster.
And he threw my cat in the well, too.
-He says he didn't, but he did.
-Alright.
He thinks he's a dragon in human form.
That's why he was so wroth
at the puppet show.
A pity he wasn't born a Fossoway.
Then he'd think himself an apple
and we'd all be a deal safer.
I must steal back to the castle.
Ser Duncan?
Private word?
I dreamed of you.
You said that.
-At the inn.
-Did I?
Well, my dreams
are not like yours.
Mine come true.
An impressive talent
for an unimpressive man.
Another one of life's little ironies.
But I have seen you, ser.
And a fire.
And a dead dragon.
A great beast with wings so large
they could cover this meadow.
It had fallen on top of you.
But you were alive,
and the dragon was dead.
Did I kill it?
That I could not say.
We were dragon masters once.
Hard to believe.
Now, they're all gone, but we remain.
I don't care to die today.
I don't care to die either.
It may be that I've killed you
with my lie.
And if so, I'm sorry.
I'm doomed to some kind of hell, I know.
Likely one without wine.
You are no knight.
You are Florian the Fool.
Ser Duncan.
If you are come for your shield,
she left it with me.
Where did she go?
They make for Dorne.
Well gone is well forgot.
Good.
Your rim was old.
Cheap steel. Brittle and rusted.
I've made you a new one.
It's twice as thick.
I've put some straps on the back.
It will be heavier now, but stronger too.
The girl did the paint.
The star is fallen.
And the sunset heralds night.
The shield is all painted up
like death.
The elm's alive, man.
See how green the leaves are?
That's summer leaves, for certain.
You remember the old shield rhyme?
Oak and iron, guard me well.
Or else I'm dead and doomed to hell.
Mm.
How much do you want
for the new rim and all?
From you...
a copper.
Sers...
I am in your debt.
The debt is Aerion's.
And we mean to collect it.
-I had heard your leg was broken.
-You heard true.
My leg is broken, I cannot walk.
But so long as I can sit
on a horse, I can fight.
Ser Robyn would die
the king's faithful servant.
But when the crown goes against the gods,
Ser Robyn goes against the crown.
I always knew you meant trouble.
-I cannot thank you enough.
-Ah.
Nor Ser Steffon for bringing you.
Who the fuck is Ser Stevron? Your...
...boy found me.
Hasn't been a trial of seven
for a hundred years.
I wasn't about to miss a chance
to bloody up the Kingsguard
in their pretty white gowns.
Six. There are only six.
Is it possible Aerion
has not found a seventh
to take up his claim?
Raymun!
My helm, if you please.
Ser Steffon, what of your friends?
We only need one more to make our seven.
I'm afraid you'll need two more.
I fight with Prince Aerion
and the accusers.
No, you...
you told Ser Duncan to rely on you.
Well, our prince would not have
made me a lord elsewise,
but for it thwarted Ser Duncan.
You traded your honor for a lordship?
Cousin.
I know great men who have traded
their honor for far less.
It was a bargain well struck.
Fetch me my horse.
Get him yourself.
We are lost.
Knight me. I will take my cousin's place.
Ser Duncan, knight me.
Raymun, I shouldn't.
Without me, you're only five.
You cannot win with five.
The lad has the truth of it, I'm afraid.
Go on, Ser Duncan.
Any knight can make a knight.
Go.
I shall give Squire Raymun his knighthood.
In the name of the Warrior,
I charge you to be brave.
In the name of the Father,
I charge you to be just.
In the name of the Mother...
I charge you to protect
the young and innocent.
Ser Duncan.
We cannot delay any further.
-Seems you only have five champions.
-Six.
Ser Lyonel is knighting Raymun Fossoway.
We will fight you six against seven.
I'm afraid it is not permitted.
If you cannot find another
knight to join you, ser,
then you must be declared
guilty of your crimes.
M'lord, I beg a moment, please.
You have it.
M'lords!
I know none of you remember
Ser Arlan of Pennytree.
But I was his squire.
We served many of you.
Ate at your tables.
Slept in your halls.
He was a good man.
And he taught me how to be a knight.
Not just sword and lance, but honor.
A knight defends the innocent.
That's-- that's all I did.
I was not Ser Arlan's blood,
but I have followed his example.
As your sons will follow yours.
Who will stand and fight with me?
The Brute of Bracken!
Has courage deserted
the noble houses of Westeros?
I will not believe it is so!
Are there no true knights among you?!
I will take Ser Duncan's side.
Have you taken leave of your senses?
This man attacked my son.
This man protected the innocent.
As every true knight must.
Let the gods decide
if he was right or wrong.
Hyah!